Update cURL client guide (#449)
algorithmiaio/dev-center: _pages/clients/curl.md

curl 'https://api.algorithmia.com/v1/algo/demo/Hello?timeout=60&stdout=false' \
    -X POST \
    -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    -H 'Authorization: Simple YOUR_API_KEY' \
    -d '"HAL 9001"'
{% endhighlight %}

You can find more details in [API Docs](/developers/api/?shell) > [Invoke an Algorithm](/developers/api/?shell#invoke-an-algorithm).

### Error Handling

To be able to better develop across languages, Algorithmia has created a set of standardized errors that can be returned by either the platform or by the algorithm being run. If an error occurs while invoking the API, the HTTP response will include an error field with more information:

{% highlight bash %}
curl https://api.algorithmia.com/v1/algo/util/whoopsWrongAlgo \
    -X POST \
    -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    -H 'Authorization: Simple YOUR_API_KEY' \
    -d '"Hello, world"'
{% endhighlight %}

Response: `{"error":{"message":"algorithm algo://util/whoopsWrongAlgo/ not found"}}`

You can read more about [Error Handling](/developers/algorithm-development/algorithm-errors) in the [Algorithm Development](/developers/algorithm-development) section of the dev center.

### Limits

> Your account can make up to {{site.data.stats.platform.max_num_algo_requests}} Algorithmia requests at the same time (this limit <a onclick="Intercom('show')">can be raised</a> if needed).

Reviewer: `Intercom` is undefined in the global scope in prod. Let's change the link slightly:
```suggestion
Your account can make up to {{site.data.stats.platform.max_num_algo_requests}} Algorithmia requests at the same time (this limit <a href="mailto:support@algorithmia.com?subject=Request to raise max algorithm request limit">can be raised</a> if needed).
```
